Do you feel that?
What?
The ocean, the waves, you can fell them right through the floor. You know even if you're a long ways away from them you can still fell it sometime
Not where i'm from.
where's that?
Around... Kansas, Texas. mostly Dallas
That must've been nice.
NICE?
Well, I've never actually been through there, but that's the way it always seemed to me.You know, like you could look just about anywhere and you can see land.
I mean with nothing set down on
Yeah, it's great. I'm a real sucker for dirt and cactus that's how come I left.
Well, Why did you leave?
You ever been with a Syrian who shoot tobacco. Well if any body ask for you can tell 'em there's no future in it.
WHAT DO YOU WANT, THE WHOLE FLOOR?!
Oh I'm terribly sorry.
I wish you throwing it around her feet last longer then her rear end...He was a butcher.
Who was?
The Syrian.
Hey Listen, I didn't mean to be personal. I was just... I didn't mean to be personal
Yeah, then why'd ya ask?
Well. Just to make conversation. I mean we're gonna be stuck in here for a long time I thought I might...
Don't strain anything for me.
All right.

After the first hundred hours you're still getting used to this...What are you looking at?
There a partially broken window up there someplace. I'm just trying to see if there light out
It's four o'clock in the morning.
Yeah I know. Sometime by the beach it gets light by four. It's like that In Hawaii. Because it's an island You know.
Yeah I know.
Yeah, well you can look right out across the ocean to where the light is. You can even stand in one spot and watch come up on one side of the world, and go down on the other side
How'd you get out there, Hawaii?
Oh I've never been there actually but, You can imagine what it's like
Yeah, you can imagine you're Gary Cooper i suppose
Oh I didn't mean that at all. Look why do you alway try to start an argument? All I meant...

Suppose we did win.What would you do with it?
What what what..
The money
Maybe I'd buy some good rat-poison.

Headache, for all I quite know she's... she's got a brain tumor
No I don't think so.
I think it's different with brain tumor. Different symptoms
Yeah how do ya know?
I saw it in a movie. Fanita Louise And Richard Kromlo. well, that what she died off Fanita Louise. a brain tumor, but it was different. Everything just suddenly got dim for her, one day.
Until she finally couldn't see it all. SHe couldn't even see Richard Kromlo when she kissed him goodbye
Yeah? and then what, she just died?
Kind of. She just drifted off listening to her favorite tune. And then she was dead.
No pain or anything? (sigh) They probably lied


(Ocean waves breaking)
I used to love to look at the ocean, walk by it, just sit and listen to it. Now i don't care if I ever see it again.
That, or anything else. (sigh).
What are you gonna do now? Try the movies again?
No... I'd never make it (sigh)... and maybe it wouldn't make no difference if I did.
maybe it's just the whole damn world is like "Central Casting" - They got it all rigged before you ever showed up.
I know what you mean... I know just what's you mean
Do you?...

What are you gonna do?

(long sigh)
I'm gonna get of this merry-go-round.. (sigh) I'm so sick of the whole stinking thing
What thing?
Life. and don't give me no sunshine lectures
I wasn't going to
then what were you looking at me that way for?
I wasn't... I was just trying to see your face
Well keep looking...stick around for the end.
(Gloria pulls out a gun from her hand bag, Sound of ocean waves getting louder)
(turns the gun to point at her)
(sigh)
(lifts her head towards the sky with tears in her eyes)
Help me!
(Gloria looks at Bob)
Please...Please
(Bob takes the gun from her hand)
 (Gloria let's out a long sigh)
 Tell me when
 I'm ready
 (bob points the gun to her head. loads the gun)
 Now?
 Now.
(Gun shot, and gloria drops to the ground)
What, what, what happned?
